Hello, today I want to show you
large cell pattern basically it
used for knitting men
jelly sweaters like it looks very good
and practical front side is obtained
large cell on the wrong side
light eye comfortable practical too
night take a string hook dial 20 3
air loops
start knitting with air loops on
feed
20 times two three 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
14 15 16 17 18 19 20 20 20 223 starting
knit here we have and in the cap
begin to knit the first row column of
package
enter into the fourth loop and knit and
continue to knit crochet to
the end we should have 21 loops
for symmetry pattern and so that it
looked nice good 45
so we get a double crochet
row continue to knit all 8
don't see
ten
shame is very easy and well remembered
very practical does not stretch well
used as male for men us
the pattern is very little the most optimal
option for autumn nazim ask cut
beautiful sweater so pattern
often see you
nineteen twenty twenty that's it
we tied the first row turned out we
a column number of a knit nakida 3
air lift loops and unfold
work starting to knit second row
second row we will start to knit
knotted embossed column 2 embossed
column for the front wall as a hook
we pass experience under a loop and we stretch
time and the next you have a third loop
will just go with a double crochet in
input chain
and we will do it with our face
the sides are already a vertical line now
knit again
keels 6 knit relief poles
behind the front wall 1 2 3
6 Now again knit just a column with
nakidom introducing in the chain is we already
marked the first square slovan next
square again we will have from 6 5 6
cute posts for the front
wall 1 2 3
four
five
6 again doing a double crochet chain
and finish the last 35 of this with us
there will be two loops of relief as at the beginning
and crochet post for leveling
canvases
2 and now the column without nakida
to align the canvas that's what we have
It turned out to do 3 air back
lifting loops and expand work here
what we got on the front